checkout-starter-kit: Fix wrong payment api & commerce integrations precedence (#415)
AdobeDocs/commerce-extensibility: src/pages/starter-kit/checkout/connect.md

1. Create a new Adobe Commerce Integration by following the [systems integration](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce-admin/systems/integrations) guide.

1. Make sure your API integration has the necessary permissions to access the Commerce REST API.

>    To check this, go to **System** > **Extensions** > **Integrations**.
>    Click **API** under the Basic Settings menu to display the **Available APIs** screen, then set the **Resource Access** drop-down to **All**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   To confirm that you have access, in the Commerce Admin, navigate to **System** > **Extensions** > **Integrations**. Under the Basic Settings menu, click **API** to view the Available APIs. Then select **All** in the **Resource Access** field.
```
